feat/new product overview pages (#646)
hirosystems/docs: docs/token-metadata-api/features.md

This queue runs continuously and can handle an unlimited number of jobs.

### Process smart contract job

This job makes a contract call to the Stacks node to determine the total number of tokens declared by the given contract. Once determined, it creates and enqueues all of these tokens for metadata ingestion.

### Process token job

This job fetches the metadata JSON object for a single token and other relevant properties depending on the token type (symbol, decimals, etc.). Once fetched, it parses and ingests this data to save it into the local database for API endpoints to return.

> Following are the features of Token-Metadata API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### API Features

Below are some of the core features of the Token-Metadata API:
```
